Update policy-csp-localpoliciessecurityoptions.md (#3964)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-localpoliciessecurityoptions.md

<!--Policy-->
<a href="" id="localpoliciessecurityoptions-recoveryconsole-allowautomaticadministrativelogon"></a>**LocalPoliciesSecurityOptions/RecoveryConsole_AllowAutomaticAdministrativeLogon**  

> [!Warning]  

> > Starting in the version 1803 of Windows, this policy is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with Windows 10 version 1803, this policy is deprecated.
```
